These callowness by what you and I use the right team we're going leave that child in use in the Patent
Office storefront.
I'm going to show you a lot of customizations that you can make in your store.
Some templates hooks and also Sancy assist that we can make into a storefront to create an amazing store.
So first we're going to open pages and you can see that we have some pages right here.
And in order to use something more real world we're going to create pages page what are going to wow.
For example about us and we're going to use the Web site.
We're going to create three paragraphs and we're going to go now and check these and what have they.
So on a lot of MIPS and so we're going to copy these and you can base from here.
You can see some content on that right.
You can see that we can add a feature rematch.
So it's up and find that you can use any images of these that we have available to us that these one.
Number 10
and said If we truly match then I'm going to publish these page and we're going to do what I going to
create another one I'm going to contact was and again maybe in the contact goes you will either a contact
form what we're going to have another image some race you and then a change that then we're going to
use for width and said the feature the much may be another match that like these one yet it's just one
of these and said If you truly match foolish.
So now for example you can view the page right here at and the main difference between the full width
is that you can see we don't have any sidebar right here.
And if you open these for example the about us view it will contain the sidebar right here.
So that's the main difference in these templates and these temper's you will find the templates in the
store from Deam.
You will find the Reiffel then the full width in the home page.
So now we have some images so we can create the menu and everything.
And we're going to start with we're going to start customizing these in the next media.
First we need to create the child theme of a storefront.